GENERAL SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS 
Eat Ayrshire may amend the Supplemental Terms from time to time, as allowed by Applicable Law, upon giving a reasonable Notice Period and by Eat Ayrshire posting such amended Supplemental Terms on this website or Eat Ayrshire otherwise making such amended Supplemental Terms available to Merchant. However, the Notice Period will not apply where an amendment is required by law or relates to the expansion or introduction of new services or functionalities to the existing Eat Ayrshire Services and/or Eat Ayrshire Tools or any other change which is effectively favourable to Merchant and does not reduce the scope of its rights or increase its responsibilities. Merchant’s continued access to or use of the Eat Ayrshire Services and/or Eat Ayrshire Tools after such amended Supplemental Terms become effective constitutes Merchant’s consent to be bound by the amended Supplemental Terms. If Merchant objects to any amended Supplemental Term, Merchant may terminate this Agreement in accordance with clause IV of the Order Form. 
1. 	Eat Ayrshire Services.  
    a. General. Eat Ayrshire and/or its Affiliates will make the applicable Eat Ayrshire Services available to Merchant including, but not limited to, on-demand lead generation, payment processing, marketing, operational and other support. Neither Eat Ayrshire nor its Affiliates provide Merchant or its Customers with delivery services. The Eat Ayrshire Services are solely for use by Merchant, subject to the terms of this Agreement. 
    b. Appointment of Limited Payment Collection Agent.  
        i. Merchant hereby appoints Eat Ayrshire as Merchant’s limited payment collection agent solely for the purpose of: (A) accepting payment of the Retail Price of Items (plus any applicable VAT and other fees collected on Merchant’s behalf) sold by Merchant via the Eat Ayrshire App, via the payment processing functionality facilitated by the Eat Ayrshire Tools, and (B) transferring to Merchant the Retail Price (plus VAT and any other fees collected on Merchant’s behalf) less the retained Fees (including the Service Fee, Activation Fee, and/or Damage Fee, where applicable), the Delivery Fee for delivery services provided by a Marketplace Delivery Partner (where applicable), and any refunds given to the Customers on behalf of Merchant ("Item Revenue");  
        ii. Merchant agrees that payment collected by Eat Ayrshire on Merchant’s behalf will be considered the same as payment made directly to Merchant.  
        iii. Merchant further authorizes Eat Ayrshire to collect gratuities (if any) that are paid on the Eat Ayrshire App voluntarily by Customers to Delivery Partners acting on behalf of Merchant. For Marketplace Delivery Partners, Merchant agrees that Eat Ayrshire may remit the full value of such gratuities directly to Marketplace Delivery Partners on behalf of the Merchant. For Aggregator Delivery Partners, Eat Ayrshire shall remit the full value of any gratuities to Merchant. It is the sole responsibility of Merchant to make sure that any applicable gratuities are properly transferred to Aggregator Delivery Partners. 
        iv. If reasonable, Eat Ayrshire may adjust the transfer of Item Revenue collected on Merchant’s behalf for reasons including, but not limited to, failure to fulfil the provision of an Item as ordered. Merchant may dispute any such adjustments through the Eat Ayrshire Tools within fourteen (14) calendar days of Merchant being notified of such adjustment. Eat Ayrshire reserves the right to, and Merchant authorizes Eat Ayrshire to, collect the amount of such adjustments via a deduction from the Item Revenue collected on Merchant’s behalf, or by debiting Merchant’s payment method on record, or otherwise seeking reimbursement from Merchant.  
        v. In exceptional circumstances only (as determined by Eat Ayrshire in its sole discretion, acting reasonably), Eat Ayrshire reserves the right to temporarily or permanently cancel or suspend a payment to Merchant. The foregoing exceptional circumstances shall include, but not be limited to, any legal or regulatory risk or potential breach of Applicable Laws associated with the transfer of such payment to Merchant, the actual or expected initiation of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings against Merchant and any failure by Merchant to provide the Required Documentation in accordance with clause 1(j) of these General Supplemental Terms.  
        vi. Eat Ayrshire may, from time to time, request information from Merchant to confirm Merchant’s identity as may be necessary under any applicable compliance obligations before transferring any payments to Merchant and may refuse to process payments owed to Merchant in accordance with clause 1(b)(vi) of these General Supplemental Terms if there exists a legal or regulatory risk or potential breach of law or regulation associated with such transfer to Merchant. 
        vii. Eat Ayrshire may engage any of its Affiliates to perform the activity of limited payment collection agent. Such engagement may be subject to additional terms. 
    c. Cash. Eat Ayrshire and/or its Affiliates may allow Customers to pay for a given Item (and, if applicable, delivery services) provided by Merchant, and all associated fees and charges resulting from that transaction, in cash (a "Cash Order").  
    d. Meal Vouchers. Eat Ayrshire and/or its Affiliates may allow Customers to pay for a given Meal provided by Merchant and some or all associated fees and charges resulting from that transaction with a meal voucher (a "Meal Voucher Order"). In certain circumstances, Eat Ayrshire will not act as limited payment collection agent for Meal Voucher Orders and Merchant will receive direct settlement of Item Revenue from a third party meal voucher issuer. 
    e. Eat Ayrshire Tools. Eat Ayrshire may make available certain Eat Ayrshire Tools to Merchant, and Merchant may access and use those Eat Ayrshire Tools solely in connection with Merchant’s use of the Eat Ayrshire Services. The Eat Ayrshire Tools, including all intellectual property rights therein, are and shall remain the property of Eat Ayrshire, its Affiliates or their respective licensors. Neither this Agreement nor Merchant’s use of the Eat Ayrshire Tools or Eat Ayrshire Data conveys or grants to Merchant any rights in or related to the Eat Ayrshire Tools or Eat Ayrshire Data, except for the limited licence granted above. 
    f. Eat Ayrshire App. Merchant acknowledges and agrees that once it has accepted a request for an order of Items, the Eat Ayrshire App may provide certain information about Merchant to the Customer, including Merchant’s name and contact number. As between Merchant and Eat Ayrshire, Eat Ayrshire will retain sole and absolute control over the Eat Ayrshire App (and all elements of the user experience and user interface relating to the Eat Ayrshire App), including, without limitation, with respect to:  
        i. the personalisation of the Eat Ayrshire App for Customers; 
        ii. the prioritisation and display of options available to Customers;  
        iii. the search functionality and results provided to Customers; and  
iv. adding, removing or otherwise modifying any feature or functionality made available through the Eat Ayrshire App to optimize reliability or efficiency on the Eat Ayrshire App.  
    g. No Service Guarantee. Eat Ayrshire and its Affiliates do not guarantee the availability or uptime of the Eat Ayrshire Tools or Eat Ayrshire App. Merchant acknowledges and agrees that the Eat Ayrshire Tools and Eat Ayrshire App may be unavailable at any time and for any reason (e.g., due to scheduled maintenance or network failure). Further, the Eat Ayrshire Tools and Eat Ayrshire App may be subject to limitations, delays, and other problems inherent in the use of the internet and electronic communications, and Eat Ayrshire and its Affiliates are not responsible for any delays, delivery failures, or other damages, liabilities or losses resulting from such problems. 
    h. Disclaimer of Warranties. This clause applies only to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, and does not (and is not intended to) override any rights that Merchant has pursuant to Applicable Law. Eat Ayrshire and its Affiliates provide, and Merchant accepts, the Eat Ayrshire Tools and Eat Ayrshire App on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Eat Ayrshire and its Affiliates do not represent, warrant or guarantee that its access to or use of the Eat Ayrshire Tools or Eat Ayrshire App: (i) will be uninterrupted or error free; or (ii) will result in any requests for orders of Items (and delivery, if applicable). Eat Ayrshire and its Affiliates make no representations, warranties or guarantees as to the actions or inactions of Customers who may request or receive Items (and delivery services, if applicable), and Eat Ayrshire and its Affiliates do not screen or otherwise evaluate Customers. By using the Eat Ayrshire Tools, Merchant acknowledges and agrees that Merchant or a Delivery Partner may be introduced to a third party that may pose harm or risk to Merchant, Delivery Partners or other third parties. Merchant and their Aggregator Delivery Partners are advised to take reasonable precautions with respect to interactions with third parties encountered in connection with the use of the Eat Ayrshire Services and Eat Ayrshire Tools. Eat Ayrshire does not represent, warrant or guarantee the safety of any Items. Notwithstanding Eat Ayrshire’s appointment as limited payment collection agent of Merchant for the purpose of accepting payment from Customers on its behalf, Eat Ayrshire and its Affiliates expressly disclaim all liability for any act or omission of Merchant, any Aggregator Delivery Partners, any Customer or other third party. 
    i. Complaints. In connection with the provision of Eat Ayrshire Services to Merchant, Eat Ayrshire, on behalf of Merchant, may respond to complaints by Customers about Items and/or delivery sold by Merchant via the Eat Ayrshire App. 
    j. Suspension of Eat Ayrshire Services. Eat Ayrshire, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to temporarily or permanently suspend, in whole or in part, Merchant’s access to the Eat Ayrshire Services and Eat Ayrshire Tools if: 
        i. Merchant fails to provide Required Documentation in a timely manner; ii. 	Merchant’s account is in arrears; iii. 	A Brand Matter has occurred in accordance with clause V of the Order Form; or iv. 	Merchant is, or Eat Ayrshire reasonably believe Merchant is, in breach of this Agreement.  
2. 	Merchant’s Obligations. 
    a. Availability of Items. Merchant will make Items available for purchase through the Eat Ayrshire App during its normal business hours.  
        i. Merchant will prepare, handle and store all Items in accordance with Applicable Laws, which shall include, without limitation, all laws, rules and regulations governing time or temperature controls required for food hygiene and safety.  
        ii. Merchant will determine any Criteria that apply to Items and Merchant is responsible for ensuring that the Items meet the applicable Criteria as displayed to Customers in the Eat Ayrshire App. Eat Ayrshire, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to remove from the Eat Ayrshire App any Item for sale by Merchant deemed unsuitable for sale on the Eat Ayrshire App. 
    b. Item Inventory and Delivery Services. 
        i. Merchant acknowledges and agrees that neither Eat Ayrshire nor any Marketplace Delivery Partner takes title to any Item. Merchant remains responsible for the delivery of Items and shall maintain possession, control and care of the Items at all times in full compliance with Applicable Laws. 
        ii. Merchant shall remain responsible for complying with all health and safety laws and regulations applicable in relation to all Items, up to and including the time of delivery of the Items to a Customer. Merchant agrees that, for purposes of delivery of Items, Delivery Partners shall operate under cover of the Merchant’s retail and health and safety licenses, registrations, authorizations and privileges and control. 
        iii. Merchant is responsible for costs related to reimbursement to Customers in the event any such Customer(s) request a refund for Substandard Items or otherwise unsatisfactory Item(s) (including, without limitation, any costs associated with retrieving any such Substandard Items or otherwise unsatisfactory Item(s), if applicable). Eat Ayrshire may deduct refunds from the Item Revenue transmitted to Merchant under this Agreement in accordance with Eat Ayrshire’s refund policy located within the App (or as otherwise provided to Merchant), as updated from time to time, provided always that Merchant has received notification of such refund policy.  
    c. Documentation. Merchant will provide all documentation required by Eat Ayrshire (including but not limited to business license, identification, tax identification, information regarding VAT status, banking documentation, and all Invoice Details) ("Required Documentation"). Merchant is solely responsible for providing Eat Ayrshire with, and maintaining, accurate bank account information.  
    d. Restrictions. Merchant will not, and will not allow any third party to: (i) use the Eat Ayrshire Services, the Eat Ayrshire Tools, or any other transactional, operational, performance or other data or information that is related to the sale of the Items (and, if applicable, delivery) to Customers through the Eat Ayrshire App to compete with Eat Ayrshire, its Affiliates or the Eat Ayrshire Services; (ii) reverse engineer or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms used to provide the Eat Ayrshire Services or Eat Ayrshire Tools (except to the extent that Applicable Law prohibits reverse engineering restrictions); or (iii) provide, lease, lend, disclose, or otherwise use or allow others to use, in each case, for the direct benefit of any third party, the Eat Ayrshire Services or Eat Ayrshire Tools (except as otherwise authorized by Eat Ayrshire). 
    e. Tax. Merchant is responsible for ensuring the accuracy of its own tax filings. 
    3. Ratings. Merchant acknowledges and agrees that, after receiving Item(s), a Customer may be prompted by the Eat Ayrshire App to provide a rating of such Item(s) (and, if applicable, delivery) and, at such Customer’s option, to provide comments or feedback related to the Customer’s experience with Merchant, the relevant Item(s) on the Eat Ayrshire App, and either the delivery services (provided by either a Marketplace Delivery Partner or Aggregator Delivery Partner) or the Non-Delivery Method experience ("Customer Feedback"). Eat Ayrshire reserves the right to use, share, and display Customer Feedback in any manner in connection with the business of Eat Ayrshire without attribution to or approval of Merchant. Eat Ayrshire reserves the right to edit or remove comments in the event that such comments include obscenities or other objectionable content, include an individual’s name or other Personal Data, violate any privacy laws and regulations or other Applicable Laws, or violate Eat Ayrshire’s content policies. 
    4. Reporting. Eat Ayrshire will provide Merchant with information regarding the number of Items sold by Merchant to its Customers. Eat Ayrshire will also provide information to Merchant regarding any refunds given to its Customers by Eat Ayrshire on Merchant’s behalf, including the date of the transaction, the Item(s) refunded, the reason for the refund and any other information Eat Ayrshire is permitted to provide under applicable privacy laws and regulations. 
    5. Fees, Retail Price of Items and Taxes.  
    a. Fees and Taxes.  
        i. Fees. In consideration for the use of the Eat Ayrshire Services, Eat Ayrshire will charge Merchant a "Service Fee" for each specific Method as specifically set forth in the Order Form (together with the Activation Fee, the Damage Fee, and any other applicable fees charged by Eat Ayrshire to Merchant, the "Fees").  
        ii. Payment Terms. All Fees under this Agreement will be paid in Arab Emirates Dirhams. Eat Ayrshire will deduct any Fees from the payment Eat Ayrshire collects from Customer on Merchant’s behalf, as detailed below.  
        iii. Costs and Expenses. Except as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement, each party will be responsible for its expenses and costs in connection with this Agreement. 
        iv. Taxes on Fees.  
            1. All Fees payable pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be exclusive of Value Added Tax (VAT). The term "VAT" includes any VAT, GST and/or similar sales taxes. 
            2. If VAT is chargeable on any Fees, the Merchant shall pay to Eat Ayrshire an amount equal to the amount of the VAT in addition to and at the same time as payment of the Fees. 
            3. Fees shall be paid free and clear of and without deduction for or on account of withholding tax (if applicable). If Merchant is required to make such a deduction or withhold such tax, the sum payable by Merchant shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that Eat Ayrshire receives a sum net of any withholding or deduction equal to the sum which it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made or required to be made. 
    b. Retail Price of Items and Taxes. 
        i. Merchant is the "retailer" or "seller" of all Items (including delivery services related to such Items, if applicable). Merchant is responsible for determining and setting the original listed price, prior to any discounts or promotions, for each Item to be made available for sale via the Eat Ayrshire App (the "Retail Price"). The Retail Price for each Item will include VAT, but Merchant is solely responsible for determining and setting all applicable VAT and identifying and informing Eat Ayrshire of the appropriate VAT amount for Eat Ayrshire to charge Customers on Merchant’s behalf for Items available on the Eat Ayrshire App. To the extent that applicable VAT rate is not determined by Merchant, Merchant expressly authorizes Eat Ayrshire to make such determination on its behalf and Merchant hereby acknowledges and agrees that Eat Ayrshire will have no liability for the accuracy of any such determination. Merchant expressly authorizes Eat Ayrshire, at Merchant’s direction, to collect such VAT on Merchant’s behalf. 
        ii. Merchant is solely responsible for the remittance of all applicable VAT, sellers use, transaction privilege, privilege, general excise, gross receipts, meals tax and similar transaction taxes in connection with the sale of Items.  
    6. Invoices. For each order completed using the Eat Ayrshire App, Eat Ayrshire may issue an invoice and/or receipt for Items and (if applicable) delivery services to Customers on Merchant's behalf provided that Merchant has completed the required Invoice Details. Merchant may dispute invoices and/or receipts issued by Eat Ayrshire on Merchant's behalf within a period not exceeding three (3) days from the issuance date of the invoice and/or receipt. Failing this, Merchant is deemed to have validated said invoice and/or receipt. 
    7. Method Restrictions and Limitations. 
    a. Method Settings. If Merchant has selected both the Aggregator Method and the Marketplace Method, Merchant may select Aggregator Method and/or Marketplace Method for delivery of future orders of Items to its Customers. Merchant may apply its selections to some or all future orders. Merchant may modify its Method selection at any time. However, the selected Method for an order cannot be modified after the order has been placed. All orders pending at the time Merchant modifies its Method must be completed via the Method selected when the order was placed. The proper Method for each order will be reflected in Merchant’s order dashboard available via the Eat Ayrshire Tools. Eat Ayrshire may modify delivery settings on Merchant’s behalf. 
    b. Delivery Radius Modification. Eat Ayrshire, at its discretion, reserves the right to modify Merchant’s delivery radius for reasons including, without limitation, to prevent or otherwise limited unfulfilled orders. 
    c. Temporary Usage Restriction. Eat Ayrshire, at its discretion, reserves the right to restrict or otherwise limit Merchant’s access to the Eat Ayrshire App for a period of time for reasons including, without limitation, to prevent or otherwise limited unfulfilled orders.  
    d. Transfer Restrictions. The following restricted items may not be transferred via the Eat Ayrshire App: people or animals of any size, illegal items, fragile items, dangerous items (like weapons, explosives, flammables, etc.), stolen goods, or any items that Merchant does not have permission to transfer. 
    8. Marks. 
Subject to this Agreement, each party hereby grants to the other party (and, in the case of Eat Ayrshire, to its Affiliates) a limited, nonexclusive and non-transferable license during the Term to use such party’s respective Marks, on a royalty free basis, in connection with the activities related to this Agreement. This license includes the right to reproduce, adapt and represent (in connection with all or part of the activities related to this Agreement) the Marks for the entire world, using all means and media, and without any restriction of any kind as regards exploitation methods, number of prints, dissemination, or utilisation. All uses of a party’s Marks (owned or licensed, as applicable) by the other party will be in the form and format specified or approved by the party that owns (or is a licensee of, as applicable) such Marks. Other than as specifically set forth in this Agreement, neither party will use the other party’s Marks without the prior, express, written consent of the other party. Any use or display of Merchant’s Marks by Eat Ayrshire in connection with making Items available through the Eat Ayrshire App in the ordinary course of business will not require any such prior, express, written consent. All goodwill related to the use of a party’s Marks by the other party will inure to the benefit of the party that owns (or is a licensee of, as applicable) such Marks. Except as expressly set forth herein, neither party will be deemed to grant the other party any license or rights under any intellectual property or other proprietary rights. All rights not granted are expressly reserved. Merchant agrees that it will not, and will ensure that Aggregator Delivery Partners do not, try to register or otherwise use and/or claim ownership in any of the Eat Ayrshire Marks, alone or in combination with other letters, punctuation, words, symbols and/or designs, or in any confusingly similar mark, name or title, for any goods and services. 
    9. Marketing and Promotional Activities.  
    a. Marketing. Eat Ayrshire may showcase the availability of Merchant’s Items via the Eat Ayrshire App through various promotional activities including, without limitation, social media channels, websites, advertisements, blogs or other media available now or hereinafter created. Eat Ayrshire (or a party designated by Eat Ayrshire acting on Eat Ayrshire’s behalf) may create video, still images and/or other materials for marketing and other efforts related to the Eat Ayrshire App ("Eat Ayrshire Marketing Materials"). Merchant agrees that Eat Ayrshire Marketing Materials (including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights therein) are and will remain the sole and exclusive property of Eat Ayrshire. Additionally, Merchant may choose to provide videos, still images and/or other materials to Eat Ayrshire ("Merchant Marketing Materials") for use in connection with the display of Merchant’s Items on the Eat Ayrshire App, and Merchant hereby grants Eat Ayrshire a non-exclusive, royalty free right to use, reproduce, adapt, represent, and display such Merchant Marketing Materials in connection with Merchant’s Items and other promotional activities relating to the Eat Ayrshire Services, for the entire world, during the Term, using all means and media, and without any restriction other than as required by Applicable Law as regards exploitation methods, number of prints, dissemination or utilisation.  
    b. No Additional Amounts. Merchant acknowledges and agrees that, through advertising and marketing, Eat Ayrshire may seek to attract new merchants to Eat Ayrshire and to increase existing users of the Eat Ayrshire Services and Eat Ayrshire App. Merchant acknowledges and agrees such advertising or marketing does not entitle Merchant to any additional monetary amounts beyond the amounts expressly stated in this Agreement. 
    c. Merchant Promotional Offers. Eat Ayrshire may authorize Merchant to use certain automated tools that allow Merchant to provide promotional Offers to Customers through the Eat Ayrshire App in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Merchant agrees that it is solely responsible for fulfilling and, subject to technical and functional limitations of the automated tools, defining the Offers provided by Merchant to its Customers. 
        i. Merchant Promotional Offers. Subject to this Agreement and any other guidelines or eligibility criteria for Offers that Eat Ayrshire may make available from time to time, Eat Ayrshire hereby authorizes Merchant to use Eat Ayrshire’s proprietary, automated tools ("Offer Tools") to create and provide Offers to Customers. Unless otherwise specified by Eat Ayrshire, Merchant will be solely responsible for defining each Offer (within the scope of functionality provided by the Offer Tools), including, without limitation, the start date, end date, and budget for each Offer. Each Offer will be subject to Eat Ayrshire’s approval. Merchant is responsible for providing to Eat Ayrshire Offer Materials in a format and within deadlines specified by Eat Ayrshire for such to be reproduced for the provision of the Offer to Customers.  
        ii. Enhanced Promotional Placements. Subject to Eat Ayrshire App functionality, Eat Ayrshire may provide enhanced promotional placement or other visual treatment for the Offers through the start and end date identified by Merchant. Merchant acknowledges that the time period of enhanced promotional placement for an Offer (if applicable) may vary due to a number of factors including Merchant’s budget, the start and end date for an Offer, and other Eat Ayrshire App functionality. 
        iii. Merchant’s Responsibilities. Merchant will honour and fulfil the terms of the Offer. Merchant represents and warrants that Merchant will run all Offers in accordance with all Applicable Laws which apply to the Offers. Merchant represents and warrants that Merchant possesses all necessary authority, rights, licenses, consents and permissions to run the Offer (including, without limitation, the rights to any Offer Materials provided to Eat Ayrshire). Merchant will not use an Offer to make charitable donations. For free or reduced Delivery Charge Offers, Merchant will be solely responsible for the reduction to the amount that Eat Ayrshire collects from Customers with respect to the Delivery Charge. 
        iv. Reporting and Offer Costs. Eat Ayrshire will use good faith efforts to provide Merchant with reasonable information regarding Merchant's Offers, which may include, without limitation, the Offer Costs and the number of Items sold in connection with an Offer. Eat Ayrshire, in its sole discretion, may highlight Offers and/or the results of Offer in its own marketing materials. 
        v. Service Fees. Eat Ayrshire reserves the right, at any time, temporarily or permanently, in whole or in part, to modify, suspend or discontinue the Service Fee. The Service fee will be set and retained by Eat Ayrshire indefinitely. 
        vi. Modification, Suspension, Discontinuation. Eat Ayrshire reserves the right, at any time, temporarily or permanently, in whole or in part, to modify, suspend or discontinue the Offer Tools or the ability for Merchant to provide Offers. Merchant agrees that neither Eat Ayrshire nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable to Merchant (or to any third party) for the Offer or the Offer Tools, including for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Offer or the Offer Tools or providing Merchant with the ability to provide Offers. 
    d. Publicity. Except as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement or otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, neither party may issue a press release or otherwise refer to the other party in any manner with respect to this Agreement or otherwise, without the prior written consent of such other party. 
10. 	Virtual Restaurants. 
    a. Definition. A Merchant who currently offers Meals via the Eat Ayrshire App may, under certain conditions, operate a Virtual Restaurant. All Virtual Restaurant Meals are sold by Merchant. 
    b. Merchant’s Responsibilities. Without prejudice to any other provision of this Agreement, a Merchant operating a Virtual Restaurant must adhere to the following conditions: 
        i. Merchant represents and warrants that Merchant will prepare and sell all Meals from Virtual Restaurant at Merchant’s restaurant premises. 
        ii. If this premises address changes, Merchant will provide Eat Ayrshire with no less than seven (7) days’ advance written notice.  
        iii. The Virtual Restaurant trading name is Merchant’s Mark and is subject to the indemnification provision of the Agreement. Merchant represents and warrants that (A) the Virtual Restaurant trading name does not infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate any third party’s intellectual property or other proprietary rights and (B) it has the right to display the Virtual Restaurant trading name on the Eat Ayrshire App. Merchant agrees that Eat Ayrshire may remove Virtual Restaurant from the Eat Ayrshire App if Eat Ayrshire reasonably believes that it may infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate any intellectual property or other proprietary rights.  
        iv. Eat Ayrshire may provide Merchant with Virtual Restaurant Data. Merchant agrees that any Virtual Restaurant Data provided by Eat Ayrshire or its Affiliates to Merchant constitutes Confidential Information. 
        v. In consideration for access to Virtual Restaurant Data, Merchant will not enter into any agreement to make Meals available via Virtual Restaurant, or using the same or similar menu or trading name to Virtual Restaurant, with any Eat Ayrshire Competitor.  
11. 	Confidential Information; Personal Data; Feedback. 
    a. Confidentiality. Each Recipient agrees that it will not disclose the Discloser’s Confidential Information to any third parties other than Representatives, or use it in any way other than as necessary to perform this Agreement. Each Recipient will ensure that Confidential Information will only be made available to those of its Representatives who have a need to know such Confidential Information and who, prior to any disclosure of such Confidential Information, are bound by written obligations of confidentiality with respect to such Confidential Information that are no less stringent than those set forth in this Agreement. Recipient will cause its Representatives to comply with the terms of this Agreement and will be solely responsible for any breach of this Agreement by any of its Representatives. Each Recipient will not, and will not authorize others to, remove or deface any notice of copyright, trademark, logo, legend, or other notices of ownership from any originals or copies of the Discloser’s Confidential Information. The foregoing prohibition on use and disclosure of Confidential Information will not apply to the extent: (i) the Discloser has authorized such use or disclosure (and Merchant hereby authorizes Eat Ayrshire to disclose the terms of this Agreement to Merchant’s franchisees in connection with executing contracts that reference this Agreement with such franchisees) and (ii) a Recipient is required to disclose certain Confidential Information of the Discloser as a matter of law or by order of a court, provided that the Recipient gives the Discloser prior written notice of such obligation to disclose (to the extent legally permissible) and reasonably assist in obtaining a protective order prior to making such disclosure. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement and as requested by Discloser, each Recipient will deliver to the Discloser (or destroy at the Discloser’s election) any and all materials or documents containing the Discloser’s Confidential Information, together with all copies thereof in whatever form. Neither party makes any representation or warranty that Confidential Information is complete or accurate; all Confidential Information is provided "as is". 
    b. Privacy. Merchant agrees to use Personal Data provided to Merchant by Eat Ayrshire solely for the purpose of providing Items to 
Customers under this Agreement. Merchant agrees to use Personal Data provided to Merchant by Eat Ayrshire solely by using the Eat Ayrshire Tools provided by Eat Ayrshire and shall not copy, store, retain, remove from the Eat Ayrshire Tools or otherwise process the Personal Data. Only in the Aggregator Method, Merchant is permitted to copy Personal Data provided via the Eat Ayrshire Tools and share it with its Aggregator Delivery Partners for the sole purpose of providing Items to Customers in accordance with this Agreement, and will be responsible for compliance with applicable data protection regulations as a data controller, or the responsible party, for such Personal Data as specified in clause 5(a) of the Aggregator Method Specific Supplemental Terms. In respect of any Personal Data transferred by Eat Ayrshire to Merchant, the parties agree that they shall enter into the Data Processing Agreement (controller to controller) in substantially the form attached at Addendum A, included as part of the Aggregator Method Specific Supplemental Terms. 
    c. Aggregate Data. Merchant acknowledges that Eat Ayrshire may use aggregate, anonymized data related to Merchant’s transactions in connection with the Eat Ayrshire Services ("Aggregate Data"). If Merchant allows a third party to provide technology services to Merchant in connection with Merchant’s obligations under this Agreement, then Eat Ayrshire may share Aggregate Data with such third party to enable the provision of Eat Ayrshire Services to Merchant. 
    d. Third Party Disclosure. Merchant acknowledges that Eat Ayrshire may share Merchant contact information (including name, address, email, and phone number) with third parties necessary to Merchant's onboarding on the Eat Ayrshire App, including logistics and/or delivery service providers (for the delivery of Devices or other equipment), as well as photography services (for any photography which may be provided by a third-party provider on behalf of Eat Ayrshire). 
    e. Passwords. Merchant is responsible for maintaining the integrity of information related to Merchant’s access and use of the Eat Ayrshire Tools and related Eat Ayrshire 
    f. 
    g. Services, including any password, login or key information. Merchant represents and warrants that Merchant will not share such information with any third party.  
    h. Data Identification Restriction. Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, including any provision in this clause, Merchant will not merge any of the data collected or otherwise obtained in connection with this Agreement, including, without limitation, any Personal Data, with other data collected from any source or otherwise use any of the data collected or otherwise obtained in connection with this Agreement, including, without limitation, any Personal Data, for the purpose of re-identification, targeted marketing, analytics or any other similar purpose.  
    i. Feedback. Merchant may, but is not obligated to, provide or otherwise make available to Eat Ayrshire certain feedback, suggestions, comments, ideas, or other concepts relating to Eat Ayrshire’s products and services ("Feedback"). However, to the extent that Merchant provides or otherwise makes available Feedback to Eat Ayrshire, Merchant hereby grants to Eat Ayrshire a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free, fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, adapt, represent and otherwise exploit such Feedback, during the Term, using all means and media, and without any restriction of any kind with regard to exploitation methods, number of prints, dissemination or utilisation.  
12. 	Indemnification. 
    a. Each party (the "Indemnifying Party") will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party, its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents (the "Indemnified Party") from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, causes of action, and losses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) (collectively, "Losses") with respect to any third party claim arising out of or related to: (i) the negligence or wilful misconduct of the Indemnifying Party or its employees or agents (in Merchant’s case, including Aggregator Delivery Partners but excluding Eat Ayrshire and Marketplace Delivery Partners to the extent they are Merchant’s agents) in their performance of this Agreement; (ii) any claims that, if true, would be a breach of any of the Indemnifying Party’s (in Merchant’s case, including via Aggregator Delivery Partners) representations, warranties or covenants in this Agreement; and (iii) any claims that the Indemnifying Party’s Marks infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights, as long as such Marks have been used in the manner approved by the Indemnifying Party.  
    b. Merchant will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Eat Ayrshire Indemnified Parties from and against any and all Losses with respect to any third party claim arising out of or related to: (A) Merchant’s violation or alleged violation of any applicable retail food or other health and safety code, rule or regulation, (B) Merchant’s failure to determine the applicable VAT and other fees charged; (C) Merchant’s failure to apply correct VAT rates, including those rates adjusted by Eat Ayrshire on Merchant’s behalf; (D) VAT, other fees, penalties, interest and other costs related to Merchant’s obligations; (E) Merchant copying, storing, retaining, removing from the Eat Ayrshire Tools or otherwise processing the Personal Data, except as permitted by clause 11(b) of these General Supplemental Terms; (F) any third party claim for actual or alleged infringement of a third party’s intellectual property or other proprietary rights arising out of or in connection with any Offer run by Merchant and use of Offer Materials; and/or (G) any third party claim arising out of or in connection with the manufacture, production, distribution, handling, advertising, consumption or use of, or otherwise relating to, any Offer run by Merchant, whether or not any claim arises during the Term of the Agreement, except in the case of each of (A)-(E) above, to the extent such harm was directly caused by the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of Eat Ayrshire or its employees, agents or Delivery Partners. With respect to the indemnities in (F) and (G) above, approval by an Eat Ayrshire Party of any Offer or use of any Offer Materials shall not affect this right of indemnification.  
    c. Each Indemnified Party will provide prompt notice to the Indemnifying Party of any potential claim subject to indemnification hereunder. The Indemnifying Party will assume the defence of the claim through counsel designated by it and reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party will not settle or compromise any claim, or consent to the entry of any judgment, without written consent of the Indemnified Party, which will not be unreasonably withheld. The Indemnified Party will reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in the defence of a claim, at Indemnifying Party’s expense. 
    13. Insurance. During the Term and for one (1) year thereafter, each party will maintain Commercial General Liability and, if required by law, Worker’s Compensation insurance. The Commercial General Liability insurance policy limits will be USD 250,000 combined single limit per occurrence for bodily injury, death and property damage liability, and USD 250,000 in aggregate. All policies will be written by reputable insurance companies with a Best’s policyholder rating of not less than A-. Merchant shall not cancel or materially reduce its insurance without thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Eat Ayrshire. Upon a party’s request, the other party will provide evidence of the insurance required herein. In no event will the limits of any policy be considered as limiting the liability of a party under this Agreement. 
    14. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. 
    a. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Scotland without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.  
    b. Dispute Resolution. In the event of any Dispute, the parties shall first endeavour an amicable settlement by good faith consultation and negotiation. If the parties fail to reach a settlement within two (2) months of receipt of a dispute notice, the Dispute shall be finally settled in accordance with the rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre (the “Centre”) under the Arbitration Rules of the Centre (as amended from time to time, and as then-current at the time of lodging of the dispute, the “Rules”) by a single arbitrator appointed in accordance with such Rules. The place and legal seat of arbitration shall be the Dubai International Financial Centre, United Arab Emirates. The language of the arbitration shall be English. This clause 14.b shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales. 
15. 	General.  
    a. Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce, at any time or for any period of time, the provisions hereof, or the failure of either party to exercise any option herein, shall not be construed as a waiver of such provision or option and shall in no way affect that party’s right to enforce such provisions or exercise such option.  
    b. Modification. Any modification or amendment to the Order Form shall be effective only if in writing and signed by both parties, provided that Eat Ayrshire reserves the right to modify any information referenced at hyperlinks from this Agreement from time to time. Any modification or amendment to the Supplemental Terms shall be in accordance with clause II(B) of the Order Form. 
    c. Severability. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision or part thereof shall to that extent be deemed not to form part of the Agreement but the legality, validity and enforceability of the remainder of the Agreement shall not be affected. In that event, the parties shall replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable (part of the) provision with a (part of a) provision that is legal, valid and enforceable and that has, to the greatest extent possible, a similar effect as the illegal, invalid or unenforceable (part of the) provision, given the contents and purpose of the Agreement. 
    d. Force Majeure Event. Any delay in or failure by either party in the performance of this Agreement shall be excused if and to the extent such delay or failure is caused by a Force Majeure Event. The affected party will promptly notify the other party upon becoming aware that any Force Majeure has occurred or is likely to occur and will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize any resulting delay in or interference with the performance of its obligations under the Agreement.  
    e. Assignment. Merchant may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Eat Ayrshire. Eat Ayrshire may assign or transfer this Agreement or any or all of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, under this Agreement without consent or notification. Eat Ayrshire shall be expressly discharged from all obligations and responsibilities arising after the assignment or transfer. Subject to the foregoing, this 
Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each party hereto and its respective successors and assigns.  
    f. Relationship between the Parties. The parties expressly agree that: (a) this Agreement is not an employment agreement, nor does it create an employment or worker relationship (including from a labour law, tax law or social security law perspective), between Eat Ayrshire (and/or its Affiliates) and Merchant or Eat Ayrshire (and/or its Affiliates) and any Delivery Partners; and (b) except as specified in this Agreement, no joint venture, partnership, or agency relationship exists between Eat Ayrshire (and/or Eat Ayrshire’s Affiliates) and Merchant or Eat Ayrshire (and/or Eat Ayrshire’s Affiliates) and any Delivery Partners. No party shall have the right to enter into contracts on behalf of, to legally bind, to incur debt on behalf of, or to otherwise incur any liability or obligation on behalf of, the other party hereto, in the absence of a separate writing, executed by an authorized representative of the other party. Each party shall be solely responsible for its employees and contractors used in connection with this Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein with respect to Eat Ayrshire acting as the limited payment collection agent solely for the purpose of collecting payment from Customers on behalf of Merchant, the relationship between the parties under this Agreement is solely that of independent contractors.  
    g. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the full and complete understanding and agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior and contemporary understandings and agreements, whether oral or written. In this Agreement, the words "including" and "include" mean "including, but not limited to."  
    h. Third Party Beneficiaries. Merchant acknowledges that there are no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement, except for Eat Ayrshire B.V. (in its capacity as agent for Eat Ayrshire) and Eat Ayrshire’s Affiliates. Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to or shall be interpreted to create any third-party beneficiary claims, except with respect to Eat Ayrshire B.V. (in its capacity as agent for Eat Ayrshire) and Eat Ayrshire’s Affiliates. 
    i. Liability. Nothing herein limits or excludes (nor is intended to limit or exclude) any statutory rights that Merchant or Eat Ayrshire may have under Applicable Laws that cannot be lawfully limited or excluded. 
    j. Payment Processing Errors. Eat Ayrshire reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to seek reimbursement from Merchant if Eat Ayrshire discovers payment processing errors. Eat Ayrshire may deduct from Merchant's Item Revenue, debit Merchant's payment method on file, or seek reimbursement from Merchant by any other lawful means to correct any errors. Merchant authorizes Eat Ayrshire to use any or all of the above methods to seek reimbursement. 
    k. Notice. Any notice will be sent to the address of the relevant party listed in the Order Form and deemed duly given: (a) upon actual delivery, if delivery is by hand; or (b) three (3) days after being sent by overnight courier, charges prepaid; or (c) by electronic mail to the designated recipient.  
    l. Marketplace Cash Orders. Eat Ayrshire may facilitate a delivery option to Customers in the Territory that allows them to pay for a given Marketplace Item provided by Merchant and all associated fees and charges resulting from that transaction in cash (a "Marketplace Cash Order").
    m. Collections. Notwithstanding the appointment of Eat Ayrshire by Merchant as its limited payment collection agent under the Agreement, in the event of a Marketplace Cash Order request by a Customer, Merchant authorizes a Marketplace Delivery Partner to collect the Marketplace Item Payment sold by Merchant via the Eat Ayrshire App (including any VAT or other sales tax) from the Customers on behalf of Merchant. Eat Ayrshire’s role as Merchant’s agent with regard to Marketplace Cash Collections shall be to collect the Marketplace Payment and Eat Ayrshire’s Marketplace Service Fee from Marketplace Delivery Partners by either obtaining the funds electronically or offsetting such amounts from funds otherwise due to Marketplace Delivery Partners from their delivery services in aggregate generated on the Eat Ayrshire App. Merchant acknowledges and agrees that collection shall be the responsibility of the Marketplace Delivery Partner. If for whatever reason Marketplace Delivery Partner’s electronic payment to Eat Ayrshire is delayed or unsuccessful, Eat Ayrshire, in its capacity as Merchant’s collection agent, will act as a fall-back and ensure receipt of payment by Merchant. Merchant acknowledges and agrees that in consideration of Eat Ayrshire’s provision of lead generation, demand prediction, and other related services provided via the Eat Ayrshire App under the Agreement, Merchant owes Eat Ayrshire the respective Marketplace Service Fee, regardless of collections related to the attempted or completed deliveries. Eat Ayrshire shall not be deemed to have waived its right to any amounts owed by Merchant if: (a) there are insufficient payment card order to set off against; (b) Merchant does not timely repay any amounts owed to Eat Ayrshire; or (c) Eat Ayrshire elects to require a minimum amount owed prior to initiating collection efforts or otherwise delays collecting amounts owed by Merchant. Eat Ayrshire reserves the right to suspend Merchant’s account if Merchant maintains a negative balance for more than one (1) week. With each payment statement, Eat Ayrshire shall report any offsetting and deductions. 
Merchant Sign
Date   
        
